EZP-30911: Added option to pass `location-id` param to URL alias reg command (#778)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/guide/url_management.md

bin/console ezplatform:urls:regenerate-aliases
```

You can also extend the command by the following parameters:

> - `--iteration-count` — to define how many Locations should be processed at once to avoid too much memory use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `--iteration-count` — to define how many Locations should be processed at once to reduce memory usage
```
